fuel-plugin-tesora-dbaas
========================

This plugin installs Tesora DBaaS Platform within a Fuel 8.0 environment.
Tesora Database as a Service (DBaaS) platform is an enterprise-hardened version of OpenStack Trove, the native database service for OpenStack. 
This platform supports 13 popular databases.

Features
--------

Installs Trove services onto specified "DBaaS Controller" node(s)
Provides RabbitMQ cluster for Trove's use
Stores state in controller's mysql cluster
Provides highly available Trove services when using 3 or more DBaaS nodes
Provides Tesora DBaaS Horizon dashboard plugin that allows management of databases with a web browser.

Building the plugin
-------------------

Building of this plugin is done by Tesora Inc.
Tesora adds proprietary Trove packages into the plugin's repositories, and explicitly adds Tesora's horizon plugin.

That said, here's some notes about how Tesora builds the plugin.

The plugin expects files to be placed in:
repositories/ubuntu/ and
deployment_scripts/puppet/modules/tesora_dbaas/files/

In both cases, Tesora copies our Enterprise product into these folders.
This plugin *may* be made to support community trove and/or upstream vendor packages, but this has not been attempted.

The plugin uses autogenerated password fields in plugin settings.
At the time of this writing, this workaround is necessary to use fuel-plugin-builder to build:

> git clone  https://git.openstack.org/openstack/fuel-plugins
> cd fuel-plugins/
> git checkout tags/4.0.0
> git fetch https://git.openstack.org/openstack/fuel-plugins refs/changes/67/302867/1 && git cherry-pick FETCH_HEAD
> cd ..
> pip install ./fuel-plugins/


Current limitations
-------------------

Only Ubuntu Fuel environment is currently supported.
